Hello everyone and welcome to this python tutorial in the previous video we saved our model and now
it's time to set up our production environment.
The first step is to export the path to the model directory as environment variable.
If you haven't worked with Linux before there is a concept called environment variables and if you want
path to be accessible from anywhere in the system you can export that as an environment variable and
you can give your environment variable and individual name.
In our case it is going to be model there.
We are doing this step steps so that tells a flow serving library can easily find our model.
Okay to complete this process right I's dot and Aaron and in brackets we need to specify the name for
our environment variable.
So in this case just put the model there then this is going to be equal to absolute path all the model
there so right.
Or is the DOT path the app's path of model the the next step is to call ours tends flow serving API
and start serving our model because this comment is a Linux command and not Python 1.
We need to write percentage percentage bash to enter in the terminal mode and this dash dash b g to
run the comment in the background right now have and if you don't know what.
No have means it says to the Linux kernel that any commander that follows it should be executed in the
background as a service.
We are doing this so we can still interact with the notebook and the commander will keep running the
whole model structure in the process.
In the separate thread after it right turns a flow model server and that's what we installed before
at the beginning of the section and this command takes a few flags.
The first one is that dash Rest Api port.
Now we have to specify a port on which the model will be running on.
I'll set 2 8 5 0 1 for this argument.
You can set whatever number just make sure that it is not occupied by other service the next flag that
we need to specify is dash dash model name.
You could choose here whatever you want only make sure to remember it since you will be referencing
a model by its name let's put C4 10 for example and the last flag to put here is dash dash model based
path.
In our case that is our environment variable called model the This command will work like this because
of the no had we won't be able to see anything what is happening to our model.
There is a way to export all lodgings to a separate file.
So let's do that at the end of this command.
After all flags put bigger than and now specify a name of a file.
Let's write server dot log.
And now let's specify a way of those longings.
So just write to bigger then and 1 execute the cell and let's bring the last 10 rows of the server but
log to see if our server is running in the first free cell.
Right.
Exclamation mark Dale.
And our name or the log file server log.
As you can see our API is running.
Congratulations.
We now have our image classification API up and running in the next video we are going to send our first
request to the model.
Stay tuned for that.
And if you have any questions or comments please buzz them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll see in the next tutorial.